  * [Connect](/connect)
  * [About Syn_Lab](/about-syn-lab)
  * [Links](/links)
  * More

    * [Connect](/connect)
    * [About Syn_Lab](/about-syn-lab)
    * [Links](/links)

  * [Connect](/connect)
  * [About Syn_Lab](/about-syn-lab)
  * [Links](/links)

![](//img1.wsimg.com/isteam/ip/879a8a7b-a9b9-4d69-9bad-b08b0332d362/SYNDICATE%20LABORATORIES%20\(2\).jpg/:/fx-
gs)

# Follow the white rabbit...

Follow the white rabbit...Follow the white rabbit...Follow the white rabbit...

[Join the
Patreon](https://patreon.com/user?u=86192557&utm_medium=clipboard_copy&utm_source=copyLink&utm_campaign=creatorshare_creator&utm_content=join_link)

## \ \ Syndicate Laboratories

### syn'da-kit

noun : A collaborative alliance of visionary individuals and pioneering
companies dedicated to shaping the future by making Science and Technology
accessible to all.

  

[support on patreon](https://www.patreon.com/user?u=86192557)

## \ \ Active Innovations

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAD/ACwAAAAAAQABAAACADs=)

#### Don't Die \ \ DIY

In the rapidly evolving landscape of antiaging and longevity research, a
revolutionary initiative is making waves: Don't Die \ \ DIY. This open-source,
community-driven project is at the forefront of democratizing science,
empowering individuals worldwide to explore and contribute to cutting-edge
longevity research. By breaking down the barriers between professional
scientists and enthusiastic amateurs, Don't Die // DIY is accelerating
innovation and ensuring that the benefits of antiaging research are accessible
to all, not just a privileged few.

  

  

[Support the project](http://patreon.com/user?u=86192557)

#### open_nexus

An open-sourced, NGS-based primary cancer type classifier utilizing ML-driven
classification and prediction of treatment responses for cancer. Designed for
accessibility, it is available to all who wish to use it, promoting innovation
and collaboration in the fight against cancer.

  

  

[Support the project](http://patreon.com/user?u=86192557)

#### exo_lab

exo_lab provides an open-source, step-by-step guide to cultivating Mesenchymal
Stem Cells (MSCs) and harvesting exosomes using a colorimetric device. This
allows biohackers to access and share detailed protocols and equipment
information for advancing personal biotech projects.

  

  

[Github Repo](https://github.com/Syndicate-Laboratories/exo_lab.git)

#### open_immune

An Advanced AI-Driven Simulation of the Human Immune System is a cutting-edge
computational model that leverages artificial intelligence to replicate the
intricate workings of the human immune response. This innovative simulation
aims to enhance our understanding of immune system dynamics and potentially
accelerate research in immunology, drug development, and personalized
medicine.

  

\- /under_construction

  

[Github Repo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ybW48rKBME)

#### BHC_V2

/Songs of DNA, Destructions, and other synthetic delusions of the Syndicate.

-

<https://biohackercookbook.wtf/>

-

\- /under_construction

  

[Github Repo](https://github.com/Syndicate-Laboratories/BHC_V2.git)

## Like and Subscribe

Syndicate Laboratories

Copyright Â© 2024 Syndicate Laboratories - All Rights Reserved.

Powered by [GoDaddy](https://www.godaddy.com/websites/website-
builder?isc=pwugc&utm_source=wsb&utm_medium=applications&utm_campaign=en-
us_corp_applications_base)

#### This website uses cookies.

We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website
experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with
all other user data.

[Accept]()

